CUSTOMER PRIVACY STATEMENT
KERETAPI TANAH MELAYU BERHAD
1.0 Introduction
Keretapi Tanah Melayu Berhad (“KTMB”) is committed to the protection of your Personal
Data and takes the matter of protecting your privacy as a high priority matter.
This Privacy Statement explains the general terms on how we protect the privacy of your
Personal Data under the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 ("PDPA").
2.0 What Personal Data do we collect?
The types of Personal Data that we collect directly from you or from third parties may
include (but not limited to) your name, address, MyKad no, passport no, correspondent
address, telephone no, email address, company name, company registration no, active
bank account no or other details relevant to your business with KTMB.
3.0 How do we collect your Personal Data?
This Privacy Statement covers any Personal Data provided to us:
a) When making a ticket booking with us via any ticket counters or online;
b) Under any other contractual agreement or arrangement; and/or
c) Via a third party i.e., travel agent.
Some of the other ways we may collect Personal Data also include (but is not limited
to):
a) Via telephone, letter, fax, email;
b) When you visit our website;
c) When you contact us in person;
d) When we contact you in person
4.0 How do we collect your Personal Data from our website?
4.1 IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer
our website. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your membership
information and to gather broad demographic information.
4.2 User Feedback Form
Our Customer Service Respond (CSR) requires you to give us contact information (e.g.
your name, email address) so that we can respond to your comments. We use your
contact information from the registration form to send you information about our product.
Your contact information is also used to contact you where necessary. Demographic
and profile data are also collected at our site. We use your Personal Data to tailor your
experience at our site by showing you contents that we think you may be interested in
contents according to your preferences.
CUSTOMER PRIVACY STATEMENT
KERETAPI TANAH MELAYU BERHAD
4.3 Information on Cookies
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then
store it on your system. We use cookies in some of our pages to store your preferences
and record session information. The information that we collect is then used to ensure
a more personalised service level for our users. You can adjust settings on your browser
so that you will be notified when you receive a cookie. Please refer to your browser
documentation to check if cookies have been enabled on your computer or to request
not to receive cookies.
5.0 What do we use your Personal Data for?
We may use your Personal Data for the following purposes ("Purpose"):
a) To facilitate your travel;
b) To be able to process any commercial transaction;
c) To facilitate your participation in the loyalty programs of KTMB;
d) To send you promotions and information on products and activities;
e) To protect the safety and well-being of yourself and/or other customers;
f) To investigate and respond to claims from you;
g) To enforce of agreements and contracts; or
h) To comply with any legal or regulatory requirements.
6.0 Accessing/Limiting/Correcting/Updating/Deleting your Personal Data
You may request to obtain information of your Personal Data, limit the processing of
your Personal Data and also update or make amendments to your Personal Data as
follows:
a) For online registered customers, you may login to your KTMB online account and
update your Personal Data. For deletion, you must complete the Application for
Termination of PNR or KITS Account form attached to this Privacy Statement and
submit the completed form to KTMB’s Customer Service Unit at
callcenter@ktmb.com.my ; or
b) For every other customer, you may forward your request to privacy@ktmb.com.my.
Please note that depending on the information requested, a nominal fee may be
required. We will endeavour to provide the information back to you as soon as
practicable; however, we also reserve the right to validate all requests for the authenticity
of the request. KTMB will inform the customer of the consequences of limiting the use
of his/her Personal Data before proceeding with the process.
7.0 Withdrawing Consent
Please note that it is obligatory for us to process your Personal Data, without which we
will not be able to make travel arrangements for you and keep you updated about our
future, new and/or enhanced services and products.
Nonetheless, you may stop receiving promotional activities by sending a request
to callcenter@ktmb.com.my
CUSTOMER PRIVACY STATEMENT
KERETAPI TANAH MELAYU BERHAD


-------------------------------------------------------------------


KTMB Business Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how KTMB uses and protects any information that you
give KTMB when you use this website. KTMB is committed to ensuring that your
privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which
you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will
only be used in accordance with this privacy statement, KTMB may change this
policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from
time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective
from 20 March 2011.
1. What we collect
We may collect the following information:
a. Name and job title
b. Contact information including email address
c. Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and
interests
d. Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
2. What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with
a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
a. Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services may
periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other
information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which
you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market
research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may
use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information
we collect online.
How we use cookies
Which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you
agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know
when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you
as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes
and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us
analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it
to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes
and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to
monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way
gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the
data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline
cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the
website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you
have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any
control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the
protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such
sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should
exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in
question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in
the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you
can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody
for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct
marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or
emailing us at callcenter@ktmb.com.my.
You may request details of personal information, we will not sell, distribute or lease
your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are
required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you
promotional information about third parties which we think you may find
interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
And which we hold about you under the Personal Data Protection Act 2010. A
small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you
please write to:
KTMB Corporate Headquarters,
Jalan Sultan Hishamuddin,
50621 Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or
incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
